# Styrelsemöte - Python Sverige

**Datum:** 2013-03-18

**Sekreterare:** Nicolas Lara

**Justerare:** Tome Cvitan och Rikard Zachrisson

### Mötets öppnande

Mötet förklarades öppnat 20:05.

### Val av mötesordförande

Fredrik Håård

### Val av mötessekreterare

Nicolas Lara

### Val av mötesjusterare

Tome Cvitan och Rikard Zachrisson.

### Godkännande av dagordning

Dagordningen godkändes.

### Genomgång av föregående mötesprotokoll

Fredrik gick igenom protokollet från föregående möte.

### Sponsring

#### Current state of the sponsorships

 * 5 confirmed
 * 2 have signed the contract
 * Reached out to other sponsors
 * Expected amount of money: 90 000 kr

#### A company has requested if they could post a job ad on our page and wondered if we offer such sponsorship perks

 * We will add a jobs page for all sponsors

#### Lanyards/bags

 * We will start researching this as it may take a couple of weeks
 * Tome will contact someone regarding this

#### Billing sponsors

 * Rikard will start to work on billing
 * We need to add special registration codes for sponsors and send it to them.

### Lokal och mat

#### Venue

 * Booked
 * Frej will try to get the other meeting re-booked so that we get the whole top floor

#### Bestämma lunchleverantör

 * We will use restaurant Q and negotiate with them to get the best possible food option.

#### Diskutera middag

 * Tome will ask for other alternative dinner places

### Program

#### Inbjudna talare

* 3 keynotes

#### Proposals

 * 32 proposals
 * ~26 thirty minute slots
 * We’re closing the proposals on March 18 after the call.
 * Nicolas will add another spreadsheet to rate the proposals
     * We’re use the +1, +0, -0, -1 voting method.
     * If you need to abstain for personal conflict, write that.
     * It’s not allowed to abstain for lack of opinion

### Marknadsföring, web och registrering

#### Biljettförsäljning status

 * 40 tickets sold
     * 14 corporate
     * 13 personal
     * 13 student tickets
 * Total sales ~40 000kr

#### Studentpris till arbetslösa?

 * We will offer student tickets to unemployed if they ask for it
 * If we run out of student tickets, we’ll place the people in a queue in case we have tickets left at the end.

#### Building conference website (sponsors, venue info, speakers)

 * Venue page
    * General information

 * Hotels (just contact / no sign)
 * Add a speakers page with the keynotes
 * Create a wiki for accommodation sharing

### Ramping up marketing

#### Announcing keynotes

 * We will start announcing the keynotes 1 per week after the venue was announced.
 * Nicolas will follow up with the keynotes for the bio/pic

#### Announcing venue
 * Announce the venue this week.

#### Annoucing sponsors

 * Announce sponsors twice a week.

### Frivilliga

#### Ansvarig för frivilliga?
 * We will ask Oxana if she wants to be in charge of the volunteers

#### Hur tackar vi frivilliga?

 * Deferred

#### Hur rekryterar vi frivilliga?

 * We have had people showing interest (and the people that was on the initial Ginger team). Start by contacting them.

#### Börja använda öppen Ginger-board för saker som inte är interna för styrelsen

 * Agreed

### Övriga frågor

#### Bussfaktorn

* We will fix any single points of failure that we have

#### Vetenskapsrådet

 * Nicolas will contact the PyData speakers and Jacqueline Kazil and lead the discussion on getting the sponsorship from Vetenskapsrådet

#### Ansvarsområden / information

 * We will try to keep whoever is in charge of different areas informed about their specific areas.

#### Sponsor for the extra speaker

 * This may be covered by vetenskapsrådet.

#### Photographer

 * Jyrki will contact a photographer

### Nästa styrelsemöte

Torsdag 1 Apr 20:00 - 21:00.

### Mötets avslutande

Mötet avslutades 20:55.

----

Justerat: Tome Cvitan och Rikard Zachrisson.
